Hi, I'm Dr. Paul Chin.
Welcome to AI Reverse Engineering with OpenClaw and MCP.
Reverse engineering is changing.
For decades, reverse engineers have relied on powerful tools
such as debuggers, disassemblers, and decompilers.
But no matter how advanced the tools became,
the analysts still had to perform most of the work manually.
Today, a new approach is emerging.
By combining large language models,
the Model Context Protocol or MCP and OpenCLAW,
we can create AI-powered workflows where intelligent agents interact directly with reverse engineering tools
and help automate complex analysis tasks.
In this course, you'll learn how to connect AI to real reverse engineering tools,
enabling it to inspect binaries, gather information, analyze results,
and assist you throughout the reversing process.
This is much more than simply asking ChatGPT to explain assembly code.
You learn how OpenCLAW acts as the orchestrator, how MCP acts as the bridge between AI and tools,
and how multiple tools can work together as part of a coordinated reverse engineering workflow.
Whether you're a reverse engineer, malware analyst, ethical hacker, penetration tester,
or simply curious about the future of AI-driven cybersecurity,
this course will give you a practical introduction to the next generation of reverse engineering.
AI is no longer just a helper.
It can become a collaborator, a tool operator, and a workflow orchestrator.
What you will learn.
What is Model Context Protocol, MCP, and how it connects AI to tools.
What is OpenClaw and how it enables multi-tool workflows.
How AI agents remember workflows.
Connecting AI to debuggers, prompt engineering for binary analysis.
How to easily fix OpenClaw issues.
Managing different AI models.
Using Codex and Claude code with OpenClaw. Dynamic and static analysis.
Connecting OpenClaw to x64DBG, Ghidra and dnSpy using MCP.
Using OpenClaw to interpret assembly code to derive serial key.
Using OpenClaw to create keygens, bypass trial period, disable nags, and more.
Who this course is for. Reverse engineers who want to increase
their productivity by using AI,  malware analysts looking to automate workflows, ethical hackers
and pen testers exploring AI driven tooling. Team developers curious about multi-tooling ai systems.
Anyone interested in AI plus cyber security integration using open claw.
Prerequisites. Familiarity with tools like debuggers or disassemblers helpful - not required.
No prior AI experience needed, you'll learn everything step by step.
Windows PC running Windows 11 in Oracle VirtualBox.
My background. I am a semi-retired college lecturer and cybersecurity industry trainer with PhD in computer science.
I have more than 30 years experience teaching computer science and IT.
I welcome you to this course and I'll see you inside.